>> Brian Holt: Because I like
grounding everything in code,
I'm gonna make you write some code now.
We're actually gonna write
a little bit of Node.js.
So I have a repo here, go ahead and
open that, it should be the sqlite-app.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna be reusing
this a bunch of different times.
>> Brian Holt: This is a invoice app,
>> Brian Holt: That
reads from our invoice table,
that's what this data.db is,
it's just a fresh copy of
that Chinook database.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna get out of this, exit.
>> Brian Holt: This is just a fresh copy,
yep,
fresh copy of that same,
>> Brian Holt: Same repo.
I'm gonna run npm install,
if you haven't done that already, I have.
So then you should have,
let's just look at this in VS Code.
I don't need that anymore,
Don't Save, all right.
>> Brian Holt: You can see here,
I don't have too many files here,
let's look at the package.json.
By the way,
don't look at invoice-completed,
that's the cheater answer place.
And I want you to try first
before you do that, okay?
So just to look quickly at package.json
here, this is a Fastify server.
You don't really need to care, I don't
expect you to write any Fastify code,
really, and I've tried to pre-write
all the Fastify code for you.
It is using HTMX and Handlebars,
mostly cuz I hadn't messed around with
HTMX before, so I did, it's kinda fun.
Sqlite3, that's the official
SQLite driver for Node.js.
I will say I don't think it's the best
one, but I wanted you to start there.
So that eventually when you
choose something different,
you know why you're choosing
something different.
And that's about it, and
then I have nodemon on here to help
you with your development cycle.
So if you come in here,
you've run npm install,
you should be able to do npm run dev,
and that should start your server.
You should see some output like that.
And then you should be able
to go to localhost.8080.
>> Brian Holt: And you should
end up with something like this.
>> Brian Holt: I tried to make the most
generic, worse logo that I could,
with just a terrible,
your business in our hands.
Hopefully, I succeeded in making you
throw up a little bit in your mouth,
in terms of just how
generic business that is.
I just finished business school,
so I business.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and basically, what
you'll do here is you'll put 10 in here,
you'll say Get Invoice.
It'll hit the database,
which you can see it already.
I've written all of the front end code, so
you shouldn't have to touch
the front end at all.
Everything will get logged out here.
And just to prove my point,
if you go to network here.
And let's just clear, so if I get invoice,
you can see it makes an invoice request.
And it'll give you a response
of invoice and lines, okay,
that's how that all works.
And eventually, if you get it all right,
the invoice should populate here,
as long as you call it
the same thing that I did.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's what server.js does.
It just registers all the functions here,
that's all it really is doing,
sets up all the front end stuff.
I was very lazy in how I did everything.
I did not want you to have to
start a V8 server or Parcel or
something like that, so
it's all done with no build step.
There's an index.js that includes
a font and just some basic HTMX.
The data.db, that's the one that
we were talking about already.
There's a logo, there's some styles.